money is not food money is not energy
money is not housing money is not
Healthcare okay if we give everybody
money we have not increased the amount
of actual resources and assets we have
in our society okay so you don't make
Society richer by giving people money
you make Society richer by creating and
having more resources and assets so if I
give everybody more money all that
happens is the prices go up but if I
give you a bit of money and him a lot of
money then he gets richer and you get
poorer because you have a bit more money
but the prices have gone up relative to
both of your increases in in money so I
think this is the thing I want and the
reason I'm hammering this down is
because they did that in Co and they got
away with it and to be honest the the
conservative government lucked out with
the Ukraine war because that took the
entire blame for the inflation which in
my opinion was caused by their massive
increas in inequality